okay does anyone remember or know the
web UI and on the I think there's a
peers page with like 3d google map yeah
it's good to see some notes this is that
different
I liked it said this is old like open
still so you can get it and the same
thing for the bandwidth thing I talked
about so what this is is it's the same
same soup idea it will look at the peers
that you have that you are currently
connected to and will plot them on a map
so they have to be ipv4 addresses
because it uses the ipfs geoip module
and so this is matte box matte box GL I
think and this is basically that that
map again and it plots them and it uses
windowed I feel I did a lot these
damaged to sort when window type EFS was
done just to show that you can things
you can do and yeah so this is this is
exact and yeah I don't think there's
anything more to say other than isn't it
pretty
that's awesome do do an explain word
that you IP this with the do I do you
wanna explain what the geoip
module its oh the GOI people do I don't
know exactly how it works for the tape
it you give it an IP address and it
gives you a that long back and it's also
all that information is stored in ipfs
so you're actually doing a object yet
and to get that information so it's
using ipfs to get the data so it's all
good